Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, I know this must have been so boring because you have not seen this in action, but really, we
need to hold this for others to work.
Right?
We created a function to upload.
The image in our storage.
Then over here is the validation of.
This feuds, that is, if the image is not empty, the email is not empty, the password is not at.
Then over here, if it is not empty, then this is going to.
That's the struggle to create a user with email and password.
Then as well upload the image, the perfect image to our storage.
Okay then as well, they're also going to upload the data in faster database.
So all this is going to run.
If only the username is not empty.
But what if it is empty?
What you can do over here.
This is the if statement, right?
You can, as we have on the house statements so we can see House.
We can use the.
Get it.
Snack bar again.
Okay.
Now the title of the arrow.
It can either be here or.
Creating.
Accounts.
Okay.
Now, the message is going to be probably.
Please.
Can just use calculator appropriately to please and to all fits.
Okay.
So if the if the email adds a name you the image is empty.
If the username the email is empty then he's going to run this his spots over.
If not is going to just run the if plot that is going to create the user will do email and password.
Then as well you're going to upload the photo you are to him.
So I storage then as well upload all the details to a faster database.
Okay.
Now what I'm going to do on this, we are going to call this.
Functional code registered user.
Now you can see this is more like a salt of the water controller.
So now for us to gain access to this register user, we need to gain access to the controller.
They need to gain access or be able to use this controller.
Okay, let me just show you this.
Now, first of all, if we just go to our sign up.
Now over the.
The I think this is the sign of.
Right.
Okay.
Digital via and.
We did not trust it, which is what's in the dirt.
I think we did not.
I hope this is a sign of.
Okay, this is a sign of change.
Right.
So what we are going to do.
Already sent the Colorado Suites an equal.
So you call clickable graph with widget.
Okay.
Therapeutics Inc.
Inkwell.
Okay.
Good.
Now, this inkwell has the on top, right?
So we can see on top.
You can just use an arrow function.
Okay.
What's that?
Plus our assets to that a sore user.
We need to have access to the auto controller or its controller.
What if, as you said, Dot, you can see we don't have access to that.
Okay.
We don't have access to the register user.
That's our access to the registered user.
What we can do is over the whole controller.
First of all, I'm just going to contribute to I think we have an in here or.
You can click on this.
Think it's going to take you.
Okay?
We just need to hide the semicolon.
That thing.
So.
Let's check those.
Okay.
Okay was gone.
So I needed to have the semicolon not to have access to it or we just have to do over here.
Is this toxic?
Static.
The old controller class.
Odds controller durability distance is going to be equal to get dirt.
Find.
Great.
So it is now you can have access to these register user.
Now what you can do over the course.
So this is going to be using this auto controller.
Often times I'm going to go to the cost.
Okay.
The.
The cost of our.
I won't lose control of it to make this wide.
Then as well, you can just how to combat this passive controller.
Okay.
So now we can create a able.
You can see Calder's art controller ods on.
Chula.
He's going to be equal to what?
Okay.
It's controller.
Dot Eastern.
Okay, great.
So now over a year.
We can see its controller that is that very well created.
Let's controller that we considered register user.
Okay, great.
Now you can see districts, the user name is picked, the email inspects the password and the image.
Right.
Because those are the fields we have created for the registered user function.
Now what you can do is to have access to the value of the user name imputes.
What I'm going to do is.
Over.
Yeah.
We're going to create a controller so you can see it.
I'll just call you down and we can just make this firebase easily accessible within this way so we can
see is equal to test.
Just a detail controller.
Okay, great.
Now we can associate these.
Is a fine is a type of test editing controller.
Okay, good.
Now, we also able to create for the.
Email.
And password.
Right.
So it his this.
Okay.
So it is going to be.
So there's going to be email and this is going to be for the password.
Okay.
Great.
It is going to get rid of this.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to our first few.
That is the username.
Now the password policy controller.
It's going to be on this call the user name.
So we it we have the value the user is going to type in.
Okay so for the.
I think this is for.
The email.
So you're going to see control as well.
Sorry.
Sorry is going to be a controller.
Controller is going to be on this call in email.
Okay.
Great.
So now for the password as well is going to be controller.
It is going to be on it's called password.
So by doing this, we have the controller is going to do this for the value.
This is going to type in.
So it's going to grab that value.
So over here.
What you can't do.
So this is going to be what is called username.
Standardized tests.
Okay.
Good.
So this is going to be.
On this score.
It will not just.
For this.
It is going to be on his call password the test.
Okay.
Now for the image, I can also create a function so able to pick an image from our gallery right now
that I will be able to do that in this lecture.
I think this is getting very long.
Now what you can do.
Make sure you don't close this files because of this error.
You'll hardly see the road.
So for now, you can easily just commit this house if you know you are going to close this file.
Because if you do close this fight because of that, this error over here is over the road.
So you can just get rid of this.
Then I'm going to see you in this lecture and in this section are going to create a function.
So I put the image from our gallery.
Okay, guys.
Seen in this picture.